{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
City Scanner\
Drive-by Solution to Map Environmental Indicators in Urban Areas\
\
-\
\
City Scanner proposes a drive-by solution to capture the spatiotemporal variation in environmental indicators in urban areas, such as air quality or the thermal flux of the built environment. Instead of deploying a dedicated fleet, we have deployed various types of environmental sensors on garbage trucks in the City of Cambridge.\
With a few garbage trucks, we collected various environmental data for the whole city over several months. The result is 1.6 million data points including thermal images, temperature, humidity, and air quality data.\
The spatio\'adtemporal datasets play a significant role in smart city domain by empowering advanced analytics solutions for decision makers and urban managers. The City Scanner project follows a centralized IoT regime to generate a near real-time map of sensed data, building on existing fleets and moving sensing platforms.\
\
-\
\
Thermal Imaging\
Thermal imaging can be used to assess the energy efficiency of building envelopes, monitor infrastructure, and study the impact of anthropogenic heat in the cities (e.g. Urban Heat Island effect). \
\
Particulate Matter\
City Scanner counts particles (PM10, PM2.5 and PM1) in different diameter size bins using a small laser. The particle counts is an indicator to determine signatures of different pollution sources. This data can inform epidemiological research and urban health policies. \
\
Temperature & Humidity\
Both temperature and humidity are spatiotemporal indicators. However, in many urban areas, they are simply assesses based on a limited number of static weather stations. City Scanner includes low-cost temperature and humidity sensors that can be used to understand pedestrian activities as well as heat islands in urban areas.\
\
Road Quality\
Using accelerometers, City Scanner identifies road quality based on the vehicle vibrations. City Scanner literally creates roadmap for improving roads. \
\
-\
\
Press\
Download Press Release\
Download Visual Material\
The material on this website can be used freely in any publication provided that  1. it is duly credited as a project by the MIT Senseable City Lab 2. a PDF copy of the publication is sent to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:senseable-press@mit.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 senseable-press@mit.edu}}\
\
Team\
Senseable City Lab\
Carlo Ratti, Director\
Amin Anjomshoaa, Project Lead\
F\'e1bio Duarte, Project Manager\
Priyanka deSouza, Air Quality Analyst\
Rex Britter, Research Adviser\
Daan Rennings, Data Analyst\
Philipp Schmitt, Web, Visualization\
Lenna Johnsen, Designer\
Louis Charron, Designer\
\
City of Cambridge\
Owen O'Riordan, Commissioner \
John Nardone, \
Deputy Commissioner for Operations \
John Fitzgerald, \
Environmental Services Manager \
John Bolduc, Environmental Planner}